On Satuday Jan 25 (US timezones ) at 7:55am US Central the Friends of CC Music will begin what I have been calling a "Constitutional Convention". The idea is to get everyone in Creative Commons music together to talk about what we want as an organization. 

The reason for starting at 07:55 is that Jitsi will kick us off after 61 minutes. There have been some inconsistencies as YouTube and Jitsi both change things, but it seems likely. It'll serve as a way for us not to go long, though we will lose our buffer as the day goes on. Plus, I didn't put in the schedule any time for a welcome, so we'll spend that first 5 minutes with that. We will start the ByLaws discussion at 8am sharp. Each session will end at 5 minutes before the hour for a bio break.

The agenda is as follows: 
    Articles of Incorporation/ByLaws
    Community Building
    Branded Electronic Shows
    Stakeholder orgs
    IRS filing status (we can also discuss NGO tax filing status in other jurisdictions if someone shows up that knows that stuff).
    Steering Committee
    Website & Logo
    Live Shows
    Fundraising
    CC CMA
    CC Hall of Fame
    Elections
    
The times, including a few timezones are available at https://docs.google.com/spreadsheets/d/1oHjSOIMrkjY1hPPEROwnxePyytMPlAEcdq7AGob-KlY/edit?gid=0#gid=0.

On the spreadsheet, you will also find links to the notes documents, some of which have already been populated.
    
This seems highly unlikely to change, with one exception. That exception is that if we end a conversation early, we will move on to a topic in our overflow topics, which are as follows:
    global Orgs
    Local Orgs
    Global Events
    CC 25th Anniversary
    Streaming
    ccmusic namespace for RSSTranslations
    Code of Conduct
    Next Meeting -- Cinco de Mayo weekend (so May 3 or 4)
    Free Art License 25th Anniversary
    Other licenses
    
It's difficult to know how to prioritize the topics. Some of them are pretty connected, like streaming and branded shows. Global orgs and local orgs are maybe variations of a "regional org" theme. The other licenses discussion, I think we might not need to have because I don't think the definition for "shareable music" is all that hard to come up with.

With so many add-on topics, we will NOT start any of the main topics early. We will start them at the time listed. That way everyone that planned to be involved can be fully involved.
